all right it's my first video my new
series called like journeys to the club
and actually got in live arcades like
I'm at right now and play the claw
machine and trying to use some of my
tips so you guys can watch me and
shuttle in stop there we go as you can
see this claw is like I'm rotating
these are very different won't find
these in a lot of places but I have one
here and these are extra hard because as
you can see they only lets you go
forward and back and the timer on these
are very quick it's like 15 seconds and
it goes quick so you have to actually
know what you want to go for beforehand
and then plant it then you got to put
your quarter in the right one you just
got there so it's all about timing the
one that Spencer says it's extra
difficult let's see if we
you know these Metz guys right here
aren't very surrounded by anything so
they should be pretty easy to guess
[Applause]
start
make sure you look to the side this is
one of this cluster mechanism the
computer that will actually no matter
how good it has the prize it'll drop it
thank you thank you start again this is
all timing here it's extra difficult
because it spins
and time it perfectly good you have this
prize always going to drop it because
the computer inside tells it to tell
these prizes are like these prizes are
actual hard to get because there's
nothing really to hook on to there
they're like real big and round and
there's nothing for really the clocks of
grab they're gonna slip out ever more
unlikely every time so I would not
recommend going for prizes like that
especially because the claw is that
small but it's gonna be almost
impossible to get a big round prize like
we're gonna try for another met sky
again because they seem to be the
easiest but on that it's claw doesn't
like grab for me
there we go that's got him and again you
know especially on machines like this
there might be some sides of the machine
that are actually have a stronger grip
like for sale so it's always good to try
a couple different positions so you can
maybe get you know the feel of which
claw is stronger and you can always put
your quarter in first and just wait for
the price to come around it's supposed
to feel like
outside of this machine
again don't go too early because you
only have about like 10 15 seconds for
this all right we're going one try left
we're gonna go back on this side that I
want before on we're gonna wait there
and just wait for the fries that come
around
timing is everything
see that quality it seems like this
strong two bucks one prize
you